{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 GIT\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 git commit\
git branch branchID\
git checkout -b branchID\
git check out branch/commit hash/HEAD^^/HEAD~3\
\
git merger branchid\
Merging in Git creates a special commit that has two unique parents. A commit with two parents essentially means "I want to include all the work from this parent over here and this one over here,\'a0
\f2\i and
\f1\i0 \'a0the set of all their parents."\
\
git rebase branchid\
Rebasing essentially takes a set of commits, "copies" them, and plops them down somewhere else.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 git branch -f main HEAD~3\
moves (by force) the main branch to three parents behind HEAD.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 git reset\
git reset reverses changes by moving a branch reference backwards in time to an older commit. \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 git revert\
While resetting works great for local branches on your own machine, its method of "rewriting history" doesn't work for remote branches that others are using.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f3\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 git cherry-pick <Commit1> <Commit2> <...>\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 It's a very straightforward way of saying that you would like to copy a series of commits below your current location (HEAD).\
\
git rebase -i\
If you include this option, git will open up a UI to show you which commits are about to be copied below the target of the rebase. It also shows their commit hashes and messages, which is great for getting a bearing on what's what.\
\
Here's a development situation that often happens: I'm trying to track down a bug but it is quite elusive. In order to aid in my detective work, I put in a few debug commands and a few print statements.\
All of these debugging / print statements are in their own commits. Finally I track down the bug, fix it, and rejoice!\
Only problem is that I now need to get my\'a0bugFix\'a0back into the\'a0main\'a0branch. If I simply fast-forwarded\'a0main, then\'a0main\'a0would get all my debug statements which is undesirable. There has to be another way...\
We need to tell git to copy only one of the commits over. This is just like the levels earlier on moving work around -- we can use the same commands:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 git rebase -i\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 git cherry-pick\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 To achieve this goal.\
\
\
git tag tagName commitID\
Git tags support this exact use case -- they (somewhat) permanently mark certain commits as "milestones" that you can then reference like a branch.\
\
git describe <ref>\
Where <ref> is anything git can resolve into a commit. If you don't specify a ref, git just uses where you're checked out right now (HEAD).\
The output of the command looks like:\
<tag>_<numCommits>_g<hash>\
\
Remote  repository\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f3\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 <remote name>/<branch name>\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
git clone\
Technically,\'a0git clone\'a0in the real world is the command you'll use to create\'a0
\f2\i local
\f1\i0 \'a0copies of remote repositories (from github for example). We use this command a bit differently in Learn Git Branching though --\'a0git clone\'a0actually makes a remote repository out of your local one\
\
git fetch\'a0performs two main steps, and two main steps only. It:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f3\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 downloads the commits that the remote has but are missing from our local repository, and...\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f3\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 updates where our remote branches point (for instance,\'a0o/main)\
\pard\pardeftab560\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 \
Git Pull\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 Now that we've seen how to fetch data from a remote repository with\'a0git fetch, let's update our work to reflect those changes!\
There are actually many ways to do this -- once you have new commits available locally, you can incorporate them as if they were just normal commits on other branches. This means you could execute commands like:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f3\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 git cherry-pick o/main\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f3\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 git rebase o/main\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f3\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 git merge o/main\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f3\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 etc., etc.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In fact, the workflow of\'a0
\f2\i fetching
\f1\i0 \'a0remote changes and then\'a0
\f2\i merging
\f1\i0 \'a0them is so common that git actually provides a command that does both at once! That command is\'a0git pull.\
\
git fakeTeamwork\
The default behavior of\'a0fakeTeamwork\'a0is to simply plop down a commit on main.\
\
Git Push\
Git fetch;git rebase;git push\
Git fetch;git merge;git push\
Git pull \'97rebase;git push\
Git pull; git push\
\
\
git checkout -b totallyNotMain o/main\
Creates a new branch named\'a0totallyNotMain\'a0and sets it to track\'a0o/main\
\
git branch -u o/main foo\
will set the\'a0foo\'a0branch to track\'a0o/main. If\'a0foo\'a0is currently checked out you can even leave it off:\
git branch -u o/main\
\
git push <remote> <place>\
What is a\'a0<place>\'a0parameter you say? We'll dive into the specifics soon, but first an example. Issuing the command:\
git push origin main\
\
In order to specify both the source and the destination of\'a0<place>, simply join the two together with a colon:\
git push origin <source>:<destination>\
\
\
\
git fetch <remote> <place>\
git fetch origin <source>:<destination>\
If\'a0git fetch\'a0receives no arguments, it just downloads all the commits from the remote onto all the remote branches\
\
Git abuses the\'a0<source>\'a0parameter in two weird ways. These two abuses come from the fact that you can technically specify "nothing" as a valid\'a0source\'a0for both git push and git fetch. The way you specify nothing is via an empty argument:\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f3\fs18 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 git push origin :side\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f3\fs18 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f1\fs26 git fetch origin :bugFix\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 What does pushing "nothing" to a remote branch do? It deletes it!\
Finally, fetching "nothing" to a place locally actually makes a new branch.\
\
\
Here are some equivalent commands in git:\
git pull origin foo\'a0is equal to:\
git fetch origin foo; git merge o/foo\
And...\
git pull origin bar~1:bugFix\'a0is equal to:\
git fetch origin bar~1:bugFix; git merge bugFix\
See? git pull is really just shorthand for fetch + merge, and all git pull cares about is where the commits ended up (the\'a0destination\'a0argument that it figures out during fetch).\
\
\
\
}